PopcornSAR AUTOSAR Runtime for Adaptive Application(PARA) License agreement

Copyright © 2021 POPCORNSAR Co.,Ltd.  All Rights Reserved.

Legal Notice

1. Introduction   
You acknowledge and agree that all Intellectual Property Rights in the software, its content 
or software documentation (collectively, the “Product”) made available as part of your use 
shall remain at all times vested in PopcornSAR (“PopcornSAR” or “Licensor”).
"Intellectual Property Rights" in this Notice means all copyrights, trade secrets, 
trademarks, patents, mask works and other intellectual property rights recognized in any 
jurisdiction worldwide. any and all registered and unregistered rights granted, applied for, 
or otherwise now or hereafter in existence under or related to any patent, copyright, 
trademark, trade secret, database protection, mask work or other intellectual property rights 
Laws, and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection, in any part of the world.

2. License   
PopcornSAR grant you a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to use the Product.   
Nothing contained in this Notice shall constitute a grant to you of any right, title or 
interest in the intellectual property in the Product.

3. Restriction
You shall not modify, adapt, translate or otherwise create derivative works or improvements 
based upon the Product. Further, you shall not reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, 
decode or otherwise attempt to discover, derive or gain access to the source code of the 
Product or any part thereof. Any proprietary markings, serial numbers or other attributes of 
identification shall not be modified. You further agree that you are prohibited from copying, 
reproducing, modifying, distributing, displaying, performing or transmitting any of the 
contents of the Product for any purposes other than those specifically permitted to you in 
accordance with the agreement between PopcornSAR and you.

UPON TRANSFER OF THE SOFTWARE OR ANY COPY THEREOF TO ANOTHER PARTY, THE LICENSE WILL 
AUTOMATICALLY TERMINATE.

4. Disclaimer   
The Product of PopcornSAR is expressly provided "AS IS." UNLESS PROVIDED ELSEWHERE, ANY 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.

PopcornSAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF THE PRODUCT OR 
THE RESULTS THEREOF, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR 
USEFULNESS OF THE PRODUCT.

EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH IN ELSEWHERE, THE PRODUCT ARE PROVIDED TO CUSTOMER 
“AS IS” AND WITH ALL FAULTS AND DEFECTS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT 
PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, LICENSOR, ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ITS AFFILIATES 
AND ITS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL 
WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT, 
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, 
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF 
PERFORMANCE, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE.  WITHOUT GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE LICENSOR 
PROVIDES NO WARRANTY OR UNDERTAKING, AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND THAT THE PRODUCT 
WILL MEET THE CUSTOMER’S REQUIREMENTS, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULTS, BE COMPATIBLE, OR WORK 
WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE, APPLICATIONS, SYSTEMS, OR SERVICES, OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, 
MEET ANY PERFORMANCE OR RELIABILITY STANDARDS OR BE ERROR FREE, OR THAT ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS 
CAN OR WILL BE CORRECTED. IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF 
THE USE OF THE PRODUCT, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

You are therefore solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and 
distributing the Product and you assume all risks associated with its use, including but not 
limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to 
or loss of data, programs or equipment, and the unavailability or interruption of operation. 
The Product is not intended to be used in any situation where a failure could cause risk of 
injury or damage to property. 
